Dear Professional , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 1 ; Section 
305 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 27 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and most everyone has a cellphone ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE 
will help YOU process your orders within seconds plus 
use credit cards on your website . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Mrs Ames who resides in Wisconsin tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
! Thanks . Dear Friend ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 , Title 1 ; Section 305 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 43 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus how long the line-ups are 
at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE plus SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Anderson who resides in Georgia 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . If 
not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Sir or Madam ; Especially for you - this breath-taking 
announcement . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 3 , Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 74 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster and people love convenience ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease 
perceived waiting time by 100% plus increase customer 
response by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides 
in Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks . 